```
123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lemmings - PS3
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 1.2

14 Jul 2009
For PS3

by Lee Beng Hai aka Volume
PSN: Cold_Drake

My lastest email address can be found at

http://www.gamefaqs.com/features/recognition/684.html

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Disclaimer
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

This FAQ is meant for personal use only. You may host this document on 
your web site if you like. There is no need to seek my permission. 

You can find the latest copy of this FAQ at http://www.gamefaqs.com/

(c) Copyright 2007-2009 by Lee Beng Hai. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Contents
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Introduction
2. Movement and Control
3. Tips & Tricks
4. Walkthrough
5. Acknowledgement
6. References
7. Revision History

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Introduction
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is a version of Lemmings made for PS3 online store. It is available
for download for a small price.

Lemmings are a rather simple minded creature and they will continue to
walk in the direction they are walking even if that will kill them.

You task is to guide them to the exit safely using various skills 
available.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Movement and Control
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Basic Control
-------------

Left Thumb Stick - moves the cursor.
Right Thumb Stick - scroll the screen.
Start - Pause or unpause the game.
L1 - Switch to the skill on the left.
R1 - Switch to the skill on the right.
X - Assign skill to lemming at cursor, does not work while in Pause Mode.
  - Adjust rate, this work even in Pause Mode.
C (Circle) - While it is held, the lemmings move in Forward Mode,
T (Triangle) - Toggle between Normal and Enlarge Mode.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Tips & Tricks
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

There are more than 1 way to clear any Lemmings level. In general, if you
want to achieve a better score, there is a need to adjust the rate. When
the level start, it had a default rate that cannot be lowered. Do take note
that you may need to change your strategy when the rate is changed.

When you give a lemming Floater skill, it will fall down slower. To speed
this up, you can let the lemming fall and just before it hit the ground,
give it Floater skill. In this way, you gain a little bit of precise time
which may help you in your ranking in the Leader Board.

Lemmings can survive a fall from a certain height. Beyond that, it will
need Floater skill to survive the fall.

In some cases, you will encounter situation where a lemming is digging
a vertical hole. It will survive the fall to the bottom since it is
falling from the bottom of the pit to the level below. However, other
lemming who drop into the hole will probably fall to their death. In
situation like this, adjusting the rate so that the other lemmings enter
the pit earlier make sense.

The Clone Machine will clone the first lemming that enter it. The Clone
will have all skills the original lemming had. Subsequent lemmings passing
by the Clone Machine will not be cloned.

Not all Blocker are doomed. If you can dig below them and cause them to
fall, you can actually release them.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Walkthrough
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

I am not the best lemming player out there. As such, the strategy provided
in this guide only ensure that you can clear the level and get a medal. 
There are some pretty high score listed in the Online Leaderboard that 
seemed almost impossible to beat. If you want to beat those records, you
will probably need to figure out some brilliant strategy.

In this guide, I will try my best to describe the steps needed to clear a
level. However, deal to the nature of the game, it is hard to describe
everything precisely. Doing a step too early or too late may mean that
you need to restart the level.

If you find that certain part of the guide don't make sense, please email 
me so that I can update those portions.

Let's get started.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Trial Level
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Trial Level 01 - Teach me Climbers and Floaters

Lemmings 05 Target 05 Time 10:00
Base Skills: 05 Climber

This is a warm up level. So just give all 5 lemmings the Climber skill.
Collect the 5 Floater skill and assign them to all 5 lemmings. After that
just wait for them to clear the level.

Lemmings Rescued: 05

If you want to aim for a higher score, pause the game at the start of the
game and set the rate to 99. Give Floater skill to each lemmings just
before they hit the floor. Do understand that this means that if you 
missed, the lemming will fall to its death and you will have to restart
again. Clicking too early will almost certainly give you a rather low
score compared to the Online Leaderboard.

Trial Level 02 - Teach me Builders and Bashers

Lemmings 05 Target 05 Time 10:00
Base Skills: 05 Builder

At the first gap, build a bridge. After crossing it, build another one.
Collect 5 Basher skill. Use 2 Basher skill to clear the wall on the right
of the exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 05

Trial Level 03 - Teach me Bombers and Blockers

Lemmings 10 Target 01 Time 10:00
Base Skills: 10 Bomber 10 Blocker

Set a Blocker on the bone wall on the left and change it to a Bomber to
blow it off. Do the same for the next bone wall. Block and Bomb the wooden
platform to drop below. Set a Blocker on the right to redirect the rest of
the Lemmings to the left. Block and Bomb the platform to drop down to the
exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 05

Trial Level 04 - Teach me Digger and Miner

Lemmings 05 Target 01 Time 10:00
Base Skills: 05 Miner

Dig a diagonal tunnel to the lower right on the right to access the lower
level. Collect 5 Digger skill. Dig down and walk to the exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 05

Trial Level 05 - Teach me Lights, Teleport and Cloner

Lemmings 03 Target 02 Time 10:00
Base Skills: 01 Climber 02 Blocker 02 Builder

Once passed the second torch, build a bridge to touch the third wall on the
right of the entrance. Set the 3rd lemming as a Blocker before the bridge.
Give Climber skill to the Builder. It will reverse and climb to the red
teleporter. Build a bridge to bypass the green teleporter. It will enter
the blue teleporter and climb up to the top. The Cloner will clone the
lemming. Both will walk to the exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 05

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fun Level
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fun 01 - Start with nothing, end with nothing

Lemmings 100 Target 100 Time 8:00
Base Skills: None

Walk left, collect Builder skill. Build a bridge to reach the Miner skill.
Use the Miner skill to dig a diagonal tunnel to the right. Pick up the
Basher skill. Bash through the wall and pick up the Miner skill. Use the
Miner skill on the ground above the exit to dig a diagonal tunnel. Increase
the rate to 99 and clear the level.

Lemmings Rescued: 100

Fun 02 - Floaters all the way

Lemmings 04 Target 04 Time 1:00
Base Skills: 01 Basher

Bash the first wall, pick up Floater skill. Give Floater skill to felling
lemming. Repeat for the other 2 falling lemmings.

Lemmings Rescued: 04

Fun 03 - Down and down we go!

Lemmings 10 Target 03 Time 5:00
Base Skills: 99 Floater 99 Blocker

Give Floater skill to all 10 lemming. Once the first lemming float down
to the right. Make it a Blocker. Repeat for the next platform. After that
walk right past the skull and float down. The moment it landed, make it a
Blocker. Walk left and float down. Block before the axeman. Walk right to
the exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 6

Fun 04 - Give a fellow lem a hand

Lemmings 02 Target 02 Time 10:00
Base Skills: 1 Climber 1 Floater
2 Entrance: Left and Right

Give left lemming Climber and Floater skill. Walk right and pick up Digger
skill. Give right lemming digger skill, dig down and get the Builder skill.
Build a bridge so that it will touch the right wall when it finished. 
Collect the 2 Basher skill. Give the right lemming the Basher skill to bash
the wall and exit the level.

Lemmings Rescued: 02

Fun 05 - My first teleporter

Lemmings 20 Target 21 Time 2:00
Base Skills: 20 Floater 01 Digger

Set rate to 90. Give every lemming the Floater skill. Let them walk to the
right, float down and walk to the teleporter. Pick up the Basher skill. 
Give the 20th lemming the Digger skill to dig down to the Cloner. Bash the
right wall on the Cloner.

Lemmings Rescued: 21

Fun 06 - Total eclipse of the lem

Lemmings 10 Target 04 Time 10:00
Base Skills:  04 Climber 10 Floater 06 Blocker 07 Builder 03 Digger

Give the first lemming Climber skill. Set a Blocker on the left edge of
the entrance to prevent other lemmings from falling off. After passing the
3rd torch, hit the right wall and walk left, dig down. Walk left, hit the
wall, walk right, dig down. While the first lemming is doing its task, the
lemming in the initial area must build a zigzag bridge to reach the top of
the wall the first lemming had climbed. The bridge start with a /, then a
\ on top, etc. If done properly, it can be accomplished with 5 bridge 
pieces. With that the main lemming group will reach the top and follow the
path created by the 1st lemming. Assign Blocker along the way to guide the
lemmings to the exit.

For this strategy, you need a total of 4 Blockers so your best score will
save 6 lemmings,

Lemmings Rescued: 06

There is another strategy which only needed 2 bridges and allow you to save
8 lemmings.

Fun 07 - From the left in order to go right

Lemmings  02 Target 02 Time 10:00
Base Skills: 01 Climber 02 Builder 02 Basher

Give 1st lemming Climber skill. Build a bridge to bypass the red 
teleporter. Build a 2nd bridge to bypass the green teleporter. Walk
right, hit wall, walk left to enter green teleporter. Collect Floater
skill. Bash wall on the left. Collect Climber skill. Give Float skill to
1st lemming. Give Climber skill to 2nd lemming so that it can climb the
wall on the right. Bash through the bridge to enter the red teleporter. 
Walk right to exit. Wait for 1st lemming to do the same.

Lemmings Rescued: 02

Fun 08 - Watch where you dig

Lemmings 03 Target 03 Time 5:00
Base Skills: 01 Builder

Walk all the way right, turn back and walk all the way to pick up the 
Builder skill. Build a bridge to reach the platform on the right. Build a
bridge to bypass the axeman. Collect 2 Floater and 2 Digger skill. Dig a
hole on the right of the axeman. Select one of the other 2 lemmings to
dig a hole to the lower level. There is only one diggable spot. Give
Floater skill to the non-digging lemmings. Give Floater skill to the
lemming who bypassed the axeman as well.

Lemmings Rescued: 03

Fun 09 - Watch How you go now

Lemmings 20 Target 20 Time 3:00
Base Skills: 20 Floater 04 Builder

Let the 1st lemming walk right. Give Floater skill to it, drop down and
collect the Blocker skill. Start building a bridge immediately upon
torching the ground. Assign 2nd lemming as a Blocker. Increase rate to 99.
Give Floater skill to all lemmings. Complete the bridge.

Lemmings Rescued: 19

Fun 10 - Beam me up lemmy

Lemmings 03 Target 03 Time 3:00
Base Skills: 02 Builder 01 Miner

1st lemming walk right, drop twice and use Miner skill. Pick up Digger
skill. 2nd lemming build a bridge immediately to clear the gap. 3rd
lemming drop down bridge, build a bridge on the gap one level down.
Collect Builder skill. 1st lemming build a bridge to reach the red
teleporter. 3rd lemming dig down to access lower level. After that
just wait for all of the to walk to the exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 03

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tricky Level
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tricky 01 - keep an eye on Mr Climber

Rate: 90
Lemmings 100 Target 100 Time 10:00
Base Skills: 1 Climber 7 Builder 5 Basher

Give 1st lemming Climber skill. Climb up to the red teleporter. Once
teleported, walk right, touch wall, walk left. Build a 2 part bridge to
touch the left wall. When it touch the wall, give it the Basher skill.
Proceed left, climb up and use 2 Basher skill to reach left wall. Bash
upon touching the wall. Use a Builder skill to stop bashing and walk back
to the right. Give the main lemmings group the Basher skill to bash through
the right wall near entrance. 1st lemming build a bridge on the right so
that the main lemming group can reach the tunnel the 1st lemming had 
created earlier. 1st lemming keep walking right and bash the wall before
the axeman.

Lemmings Rescued: 100

Tricky 02 - A change of direction

Lemmings 5 Target 5 Time 10:00
Base Skills: 1 Climber 1 Floater 1 Builder 1 Basher

Give 1st lemming Floater and Climber skill. Walk to the thin wire on the
right. 1st lemming climb up. 2nd lemming walk left. Give 3rd lemming the
Basher skill to clear the wire. Build a bridge on the left of the red
teleporter to bypass it. Build a bridge on the left of the red teleporter
destination. Bash the left wall to reach the entrance.

Lemmings Rescued: 5

Tricky 03 - A thing called lem

Lemmings 10 Target 10 Time 10:00
Rate: 10
Base Skills: 1 Climber 2 Builder 1 Basher 1 Digger

Give 1st lemming Climber skill. Climb up the left wall. Enter red 
teleporter. Collect Builder skill. Build a bridge on the left edge in
order to get the Floater skill. Give it the Floater skill. Float down,
climb up left wall to get the Miner skill. Walk left and fall down the
little gap on the left. Upon hitting the ground, give it Builder skill so
that the 1st lemming will walk right after hitting the wall. Climb up,
walk right. At the right most edge, dig down to remove the right wall
on the exit completely. Once it had reaches the ground level, give it the
Miner skill. It should dig a diagonal tunnel to the right. It will resume
walking once it had nothing to mine. Walk right and build a bridge on the
right to touch the right wall. Give the lemming at the entrance the Basher
skill to bash the left wall. The lemmings should fall to the bridge below
and survive the fall. Wait for all lemming to walk to the exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 10

Tricky 04 - Hero lemming to the rescue

Lemmings 100 Target 99 Time 4:00
Rate: 20
Base Skills: 1 Climber 1 Floater 1 Blocker 1 Builder

Give 1st lemming Climber skill and Floater skill. Assign a Blocker on the 
left. Climb up and pick up the Basher skill. Build a bridge on the left
edge to pick up the Miner skill. Give one of the lemming below the Miner
skill to mine the right wall. Once it is below the bolted layer, change it
into a Basher.

Lemmings Rescued: 99

Tricky 05 - lem in a box

Lemmings 2 Target 2 Time 1:00
Rate: 1
Base Skills:  1 Builder 1 Digger

Give top lemming Digger skill. Pick up Basher skill. The lemming below
build a bridge on the right to get the Digger skill. When it just touches
the wall, give it the Basher skill. The top lemming use the Digger skill
to get down.

Lemmings Rescued: 2

Tricky 06 - A nice little puzzle

Lemmings 4 Target 4 Time 1:30
Base Skills: 4 Digger

Set drop rate to 90. Note the position of the4 Climber skill. Let the 
last lemming dig the left most hole and so on. Once all of them had
collected the Climber skill. Give it to them all and exit the level.

Lemmings Rescued: 4

Tricky 07 - Don't forget he others

Lemmings 40 Target 40 Time 8:00
Base Skills: 1 Climber 1 Floater 4 Builder 3 Basher

Give 1st lemming Floater skill. Wait for it o walk left, then give it
the Climber skill. Float down the left edge. Upon touching the ground
build a bridge to change direction. Once it starts walking right, Bash
the wall on the right. Enter red teleporter. Wait for it to walk left.
Build a bridge to bypass the exit. Build a bridge at the left edge to
bridge the gap and touch the wall on the left. Let the main group of
lemming Bash the right wall and drop down to the bridge and walk to the
exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 40

Tricky 08 - Lem up and down we go

Lemmings 2 Target 2 Time 8:00
Base Skills: 1 Climber 1 Digger

L1 - 1st lemming
L2 - 2nd lemming

Make L1 a Climber. Let L2 Dig down. L1 pick up the Basher skill while L2 
pick up the Builder skill. Give L2 Basher skill to clear the right wall. 
Give L1 the Builder skill to cross the gap and pick up the Builder skill. 
L1 reaches exit. Let L2 Build a bridge ti cross the right gap and pick up 
5 Builder skill. Use the 5 Builder skill to build a bridge to reach the 
exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 2

Tricky 09 - Down the hatch

Lemmings 100 Target 100 Time 11:00
Base Skills: 2 Climber 2 Floater 10 Builder 2 Digger

L1 - 1st lemming
L2 - 2nd lemming

Give L1 Climber and Floater skill. Give L2 Floater and Climber skill. Wait
for L1 to hit the wall and walk left. Build a bridge using 3 parts. Get L2
to dig down the right side to the exit. Increase rate to 99. Wait for L1
to walk left, hit the wall and walk right, build a bridge at the edge using
5 Bridge parts. Get the main group of lemmings to dig down in the middle of
the pipe.

Lemmings Rescued: 100

Tricky 10 - Don't send me up there!

Lemmings 99 Target 100 Time 4:00
Rate: 70
Base Skills: 2 Builder 1 Digger

L1 - 1st lemming
L2 - 2nd lemming
L3 - 3rd lemming

Let L3 build a bridge at 1st pair of eyes. Let L1 dig before the 2nd pair
of eyes. L2 will bypass L1. Let L2 build a bridge at 2nd pair of eyes. Pick
up Digger skill. L2 get cloned. L2 then enter the Red Teleporter to reach
the top. Let L2 dig down at 1st pair of eyes to land at the tip of the
bridge below. Pick up the Digger skill and dig at 2nd pair of eyes to land
on the bridge below.

Lemmings Rescued: 100

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Taxing Level
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Taxing 01 - 3rd time lucky

Lemmings 5 Target 5 Time 5:00
Base Skills: 5 Climber 1 Floater 1 Builder 1 Digger

L1 - 1st lemming
L2 - 2nd lemming
L3 - 3rd lemming
L4 - 4th lemming
L5 - 5th lemming

Wait for L3 to appear. Increase rate to 99. Give Digger skill to L3
to dig down to lower level so as to pick up the Basher and Floater skill.
L4 and L5 should bypass the hole and fell slightly behind L1. Give L1, L2,
L4 and L5 the Climber skill. Give L1 Basher skill and then build a bridge 
to get the Basher skill. Give L2, L4 and L5 the Floater skill. Give L3 the
Basher skill.

Lemmings Rescued: 5

Taxing 02 - Down and out

Lemmings 10 Target 10 Time 4:00
Base Skills: 2 Climber 1 Floater 1 Builder 5 Digger 5 Miner
2 entrances: Left and right

R1 - 1st lemming from right entrance

We don't care about the 5 lemmings from the left entrance. At the right
entrance, when R1 walk left, give it Miner skill. Dig a diagonal until you
are above the left most pipe. Give it the Digger skill. When the other 
came, give the first one the Floater skill and the rest Digger skill upon
touching the ground. Note: you want to dig the pipe so that the left 
portion is exposed so that one of the lemmings can Float down.

Lemmings Rescued: 10

Taxing 03 - Float on home Mr. Lemming

Lemmings 20 Target 19 Time 10:00
Rate: 20
Base Skills: 18 Floater 2 Blocker 1 Builder

L1 - 1st lemming

Give L1 Floater skill. When it reaches the right edge, build a bridge so
that it can pick up the Basher skill after it had finished building. Assign
2 Blockers to prevent the other lemmings from falling off the edges. L1 is
cloned. When it reaches the right wall, use the Basher skill. The clone
will walk left. Build a bridge when it reaches the left so that it can 
cross the acid pool and pick up the Builder and Basher skill. Give L1 the
Builder skill when it reaches the right gap. After the bridge was built,
use the Basher skill to clear the right wall. Pick up the Bomber skill and
reach the exit. Bomb the right Blocker to release the remaining lemmings.

Lemmings Rescued: 19

Taxing 04 - One lazy lemming

Lemmings 4 Target 4 Time 4:00
Rate:10
Base Skills: 1 Floater 2 Builder 1 Basher 1 Digger

L1 - 1st lemming from left entrance

R1 - 1st lemming from right entrance
R2 - 2nd lemming from right entrance

Increase rate to 90. Give R1 Floater skill. When R2 is walking behind it
to the left, give R1 the Digger skill. R2 will bypass the hole. Give L1
the Builder skill and build a 2 part bridge in order to pick up the 2 
Builder skill and Floater skill. Give R2 the Builder skill just before the
acid pool and give R1 the Basher skill. Give R2 2 Builder skill to complete
the bridge. Give R2 the Floater skill.

Lemmings Rescued: 4

Taxing 05 - Like a lem in a sweet shop

Lemmings 2 Target 3 Time 8:00
Rate: 1
Base Skills: None

L1 - 1st lemming
L2 - 2nd lemming

Pick up Builder skill. Walk left and pick up Climber skill. Assign Climber
skill to L1 before it reaches the left wall. Pick up the Climber and 
Builder skill on the way up. Give L2 the Climber skill so that it can climb
up the right wall. Start building a bridge before the acid pool. The bridge
should allow it to pick up all the 5 skills in mid-air: 2 Miner, 1 Digger
and 2 Basher. L1 climb up and pick up the Basher skill. Drop down, walk 
left, climb up, drop down and walk right. Bash the wall to get the Builder
skill. Use the Miner skill on the right to get another Builder skill. Wait
for L1 to walk left. Dig down to reach the Clone Machine. Walk left and 
bash the wall. The Clone walk right and use the Miner skill. THis allows
2 Builder skill to be pick up. The Clone bashes the right wall.

Lemmings Rescued: 3

Taxing 06 - Bomb not bash

Lemmings 10 Target 6 Time 10:00
Rate: 1
Base Skills: 1 Climber 1 Floater 1 Bomber 2 Builder 1 Basher 1 Digger 
             1 Miner

Ln - nth lemming

Give L4 the Miner skill to reach the lower portion. The purpose is to trap
L5 to L10 inside. L2 collect all 7 Floater skill and die. Give L1 the
Climber skill and pick up the Blocker skill on the way. Let L3 bash the
wall. L1 dig a hole to reach the lower level. Give Floater skill to L1
and L3. When they float down, L1 will walk right. Change it to a Blocker
before the Snapper Trap. L3 walk left and pick up 2 Blocker skill. Change
L3 into a Blocker. Amongst the trapped lemming, select a right walking
lemming and make it a Bomber. Time it such that the right wall is removed
when the bomb goes off. Give 6 Floater skill to the 6 trapped lemmings.
Upon reaching the 2 Blockers, select a right walking lemming and use the
Miner skill.

Lemmings Rescued: 6

A variant exists that allow you to rescue 8 Lemmings.

Lemmings Rescued: 8

Taxing 07 - Teleport where Teleport there

Lemmings 10 Target 10 Time 10:00
Rate: 70
Base Skills: 1 Climber 1 Builder 3 Basher 1 Digger

Ln - nth lemming

Give L1 Climber skill. Build a bridge to cross the gap on the right.
Use Basher skill at the top of bridge. Pick up 2 Floater skill. Enter Red
Teleporter. Pick up 5 Floater skill. Walk left and then walk right. Bash
the right wall, then use the Digger skill to reach the Green Teleporter.
Pick up 3 Floater skill. Give all 10 Floater skill to all lemmings. Bash
the left wall at entrance and let all float down to the exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 10

Taxing 08 - Lemmy we're going down

Lemmings 4 Target 4 Time 10:00
Rate: 1
Base Skills: 2 Climber 1 Floater 5 Builder 2 Digger
2 Entrance: Top and Bottom

Tn - nth lemming from Top Entrance
Bn - nth lemming from Bottom Entrance

Give B1 Builder skill to cross right gap. Give B2 Climber skill. B3 should
climb up while B1 walk left. B2 pick up Digger skill on the way up. B1
build a 2 part bridge on the left. B2 build a bridge to clear the trap. Dig
down so that you can get the 2 Floater skill at the bottom. Give 3 Floater
skill to all. Let B1 become a Climber when it walk right. The top 2 
lemmings just need to dig a hole above the tunnel and float down it.

Lemmings Rescued: 4

Taxing 09 - Follow the light

Lemmings 10 Target 7 Time 11:00
Rate: 10
Base Skills:  1 Climber 4 Blocker 1 Basher

Walk right and pick up Builder skill. Build a bridge on the right to reach
the level above. Collect 2 Builder skill and change it into a Blocker. Find
a left walking lemming and build a 2 part bridge to access the next level.
Pick up a Builder skill. Build a bridge to access the upper level. Assign a
Blocker at the left edge. Build a bridge on the right to access the upper
level. Pick up a Builder skill. Pick up 1 Digger and 2 Builder skill. 
Change the right most lemming to a Climber. Climb up and dig down in 
between the concrete slabs. When it walk right, build a bridge to reach
the thin diagonal wire so that it can reach the upper level. It walk right
and then left. Build a 2 part bridge to reach the thin diagonal wire so 
that it can reach the exit. Bash the wall to release the remaining 
lemmings.

Lemmings Rescued: 8

Taxing 10 - Lem me your ears

Lemmings 10 Target 10 Time 10:00
Rate: 1
Base Skills: 1 Climber 10 Builder 2 Basher 5 Digger

Tn - nth lemming from Top Entrance
Bn - nth lemming from Bottom Entrance

Once B1 walk a few steps to the right, give it Digger skill and Climber
skill. Let T1 build a bridge to bypass the trap. Let T2 dig down to the
lower level. B1 climb up the wall. Build a 5 part bridge at the very edge
of the gap. When T2 finished digging, T3 should follow close behind. Once
passed the trap, give both of them Digger skill. They should fall down on
the right of the trap and then fall down to join the lemmings trapped
below. T1 should finish the bridge already, give it digger skill to drop
down and walk right. Pick up Digger skill. Give it Digger skill on the
spot just on the left of the gear. In the mean time, B1 should had used
up 3 Builder skill. Wait for T1 to fall down. Build a 2 part bridge so
that it join the bridge B1 is building. Once a /\ shaped bridge is
formed, build a bridge on the right to clear the wall and one bridge
below to release the remaining lemmings.

Lemmings Rescued: 10

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mayhem Level
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mayhem 01 - Lem does this Lem does that

Lemmings 100 Target 100 Time 3:00
Rate: 3
Base Skills:  2 Climber 1 Builder 1 Basher

Ln - nth lemming

Give L1 Climber skill. Give L3 Climber skill. L3 build a bridge after
climbing, then start Bashing. L1 Bash the right wall when L3 is bashing
the wall partially. L3 should get the Builder skill before L1 reaches the
gap. L1 build a bridge to cross the gap. Pick up Basher skill. One of the
lemming use the Basher skill to clear the wall and release the rest of
the lemmings. Set rate to 99.

Lemmings Rescued: 100

Mayhem 02 - Lemmy down

Lemmings 99 Target 99 Time 10:00
Rate: 10
Base Skills: 1 Blocker 2 Builder 2 Digger

Change the first lemming into a Digger and dig a hole to reach the
lower level. Let the first lemming Build a bridge on the right over the 
right wall. Some lemmings will hit the bridge and walk left, you want
to select the last one to dig a hole on the ground near the left wall. 
Once the hole is dug, it should land on the left of the Red Teleporter. 
No other lemming should came this way, otherwise you had selected the
wrong lemming. Give it Floater skill before it got Cloned so that the 
Clone will also have the Floater skill.
You now have to watch 2 set of lemmings.
#1 The digger and its clone.
They will appear on the left of the area above the exit.
Let the last lemming build a bridge so that it will collect the Basher
and Bomber skill. With the Floater skill, they should reach the exit
safely.
#2 The rest of the lemmings.
They will be following this path.
From the exit, walk right. Fall into to hole to the lower level, walk
right and go up the bridge. Drop down and walk right. You want to
stop left walking lemmings from entering the Red Portal. So set a
Blocker just before the Red Portal. It must also be on the left of
the drop point to allow other lemmings to move to the right. 
Increase rate to 99. Choose a trapped lemming and let it use the
Basher skill to clear the right wall.

Lemmings Rescued: 99

Mayhem 03 - Lem lift us up

Lemmings 4 Target 4 Time 10:00
Rate: 1
Base Skills: 1 Climber 2 Builder

L1 - 1st lemming

Give L1 Climber skill. Climb up and get Floater skill. Give L1 Floater
skill. Build a bridge to reach the Clone Machine. Build a bridge on the
left edge to collect the Builder skill. When this is happening, one of the
lemming will be walking a distance ahead of the bridge building lemming.
Let's called them L1 and L2 respectively. L1 pick up Digger skill. Give L1
a Builder skill to build a bridge to cross the gap. When L2 climb up, Dig
down to get the Blocker skill. L1 Climb up left wall and get Builder skill.
Make L1 a Blocker. When L2 reaches L1 it will walk right. Let L2 build a
bridge to cross the gap and touch the wall. Pick up the Basher and Digger
skill. Bash the right wall. Climb up and pick up 3 Builder skill and 1
Basher skill. Pick up 2 Builder skill. Bash the tap-shaped wall. Build a
bridge at the right edge. Dig down at the edge and make sure that the right
side of the tunnel is unblocked. Build a 4 part bridge when you are 
reaching the bottom. Pick up Basher skill. Release the trapped lemmings
with the Basher skill.

Lemmings Rescued: 4

Mayhem 04 - Lemmy have another go

Lemmings 10 Target 7 Time 10:00
Rate: 30
Base Skills: 1 Bomber 2 Blocker 1 Digger

Ln - nth lemming

Let L1 dig down. When L2 walk next to L1, make it a Blocker. ASsign another
Blocker at the left edge as well. L1 pick up 2 Builder skill. Build a 2 
part bridge at the right gap. Pick up Blocker skill. Enter Red Teleporter.
Set it as a Blocker to prevent lemming from falling off to the right. 
Change the Blocker standing at the hole to a Bomber. The tricky part here
is to make sure that the resultant hole is able to reduce the height the
lemmings will fall so that they won't die.

Lemmings Rescued: 7

Mayhem 05 - Burning bridges

Lemmings 100 Target 98 Time 10:00
Rate: 1
Base Skills: 2 Climber 2 Floater 2 Bomber 2 Blocker 13 Builder 1 Basher 
             1 Digger
2 Entrance: Left and Right

Ln - nth lemming from Left Entrance
Rn - nth lemming from Right Entrance

When L1 walk left. Give it Climber and Floater skill. Give R1 Climber and
Floater skill. R1's task is to build bridge on the right so as to reach the
exit. So just build a 4 part bridge followed by a bridge to reach the exit.
L1's task is a bit tricky. You want to build a zigzag bridge on the left
chamber. Use up all your remaining bridges to do this. In the mean time,
increase rate to 99 to make sure all the lemmings are in. Once the bridge
to the exit is ready. Get one of the lemmings on the right to Dig down. As
for the lemmings on the left, you want to Block and Bomb in order to reach
the zigzag bridges below. Asssign a Basher to release the lemmings.

Lemmings Rescued: 99

Mayhem 06 - Plan ahead Mr. Lem

Lemmings 100 Target 100 Time 15:00
Rate: 99
Base Skills: 1 Floater 7 Builder

Let most of the lemmings get trapped in the hole on the right. Get one of
the last few lemming build a 2 part bridge to drop down the cliff. Give it
Floater skill. Collect Climber and Basher skill. When it walk left, give it
Climber skill. Pick up 2 Digger skill at the top. Bash the wall on the 
left. Get Basher skill. On the edge of the acide pool, dig down. When it 
is near the concrete below, start building a 4 part bridge. When it touches
the left wall, change into a Basher. Release the rest of the lemming by 
selecting a left walking lemming and build a bridge.

Lemmings Rescued: 100

Mayhem 07 - Take it from the top

Lemmings 10 Target 10 Time 8:00
Rate: 1
Base Skills: 3 Climber 8 Digger 1 Miner
2 Entrance: Top and Bottom

Tn - nth lemming from Top Entrance
Bn - nth lemming from Bottom Entrance

Give T1 Climber skill. T1 pick up Builder skill. Give B1 Climber skill. T1
pick up Builder skill. B1 build a 2 part bridge on the right over the gap.
T1 Mine above so that it drop down to the bridge below. Pick up the Basher
skill. Give Basher skill to lemmings at the top to clear the short wall
near the Entrance. Give a lemming at the bottom Climber skill when he is
walking right. Climb and dig down immediately at top of the wall below. The
purpose of doing so it to remove the wall completely. You have 8 Digger
skill to do this. When done correctly, the wall is gone and the rest of the
lemmings can walk to the exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 10

Mayhem 08 - Light my path oh hero Lemming

Lemmings 100 Target 100 Time 10:00
Rate: 1
Base Skills:  2 Climber 1 Floater 9 Builder 1 Basher 2 Digger

L1 - 1st lemming

Give L1 Climber skill. Once L1 reach the top of the little pillar, build a
bridge. Bash when L1 touch the right wall. Bash all the way to the edge. 
Dig down, build a 3 part bridge. Dig when you are above the Basher skill.
Drop down and pick up the Basher skill. Upon hitting the ground, build a
3 part bridge. Bash when L1 touch the wall to reach the exit. Release the
rest of the lemming with a bridge toward the right.

Lemmings Rescued: 100

Mayhem 09 - Roar of the big machine

Lemmings 100 Target 100 Time 8:00
Rate: 10
Base Skills:  1 Climber 1 Floater 1 Blocker 5 Builder 2 Basher 1 Digger
3 Entrance: Left, Middle and Right

L1 - 1st lemming from Left Entrance
M1 - 1st lemming from Middle Entrance
R1 - 1st lemming from Right Entrance
Rx - One of the last lemming from the Right Entrance

Let L1 drop down first. Build a bridge to seal off the side. Let M1 bash
the left wall. Let R1 drop down, walk left, walk right and build a bridge
to touch the right wall. Let the lemming who reaches the bottom left
portion build a bridge so that it almost touch the right side. Increase
rate to 99. Let one of the last lemming from the Right Entrance, Rx
building a bridge to touch the right wall. Walk left, walk right. Give
it Climber skill. Climb all the way to the right. When it drop down, give
it Digger skill right away. After that change to Basher skill. You want
to make sure the exit is slightly below the bridge. Complete the bridge
to let all the lemmings reach the exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 100

Mayhem 10 - The lengthy level

Lemmings 50 Target 49 Time 10:00
Rate: 99
Base Skills: 3 Floater 1 Blocker 2 Builder 1 Basher 4 Digger

L1 - 1st lemming
Lx - One of the last few lemming (e.g. 47th)

Let Lx dig down at the pillar. It must dig such that the right portion of 
the pillar is exposed but sufficient support exist so that it won't fall 
off. When it dug pass the marking on the pillar, change it into a Builder. 
The purpose of this to ensure that any lemming down from the top survive 
the fall and after that survive the fall to the bottom when they walk off 
the bridge. Lx will proceed to build a bridge, then fall off and enter the
Red Teleporter. In the mean time, when the main group of lemmings is 
approaching the tunnel, change L1 to a Blocker. For some reason, L1 will
get through while the next lemming will became a Blocker. This is exactly
what we want! Let L1 dig down just before the trap and change it to a
Basher when it had dug under the trap. At this point of time, Lx should
be teleported here. Let Lx dig down at the edge. When it is near the 
bottom, change it into a Builder to bridge the gap. Ensure that L1 is
bashing at a higher level than Lx. Cross and pick up the Bomber skill.
Bomb the Blocker. Wait for all the lemmings to reach the exit.

Lemmings Rescued: 49

Well done, you had completed the game!

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Acknowledgement
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

dunsedog - for a nice video[1] for Mayhem 10 - the lengthy level.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. References
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

[1] www.youtube.com

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. Revision History
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.2 - 14 Jul 2009.
Rewrote Mayhem 02 - Lemmy down

1.1 - 25 Sep 2007.
Minor updates.

1.0 - 17 Jun 2007 
First version. 

(c) Copyright 2007-2009 by Lee Beng Hai. 

123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345
```

Restore Page

